But if your game aka your rules are you
only get credit if a lead was converted
and that lead is associated to the
channel that you drove from and you will
never get credit if they came in
organically or direct. You are already
align with leadership. Leadership are
the people who pay for your paycheck.
It's not your director of demand genen
who's like third down on the totem pole.
It's John the CMO who reports to Bill
the CEO etc. Right? Those are the people
that are going to determine at the end
of the day like are you getting paid or
are you getting laid off? And you need
their buyin.
Welcome to episode two, the attribution
mirage. Why your paid campaigns aren't
getting credit. This is a big topic.
Attribution in B2B, you know, long
complex sales cycles, multiple decision
makers. This is one thing that I often
hear the most struggles and pain around
of of attribution. How do I understand
if my ads are actually working and you
know putting my money in terms of where
you know I'm getting my return on
investment and and all these
complexities and nuances. So this is
going to be a hot topic. So if you guys
are struggling with attribution, this
one is for you. Galo, welcome. Let's
dive into it.
>> Yeah. So attribution, where does your
brain go when you hear the word
attribution?
>> I always think about that image where
it's like the the journey and it's so
messy like all the dots, all the lines.
That's where my head goes when I hear
attribution because the truth is it's a
mess and everyone is trying to figure it
out the best they can. you have so many
tools, but ultimately it's still a mess
because the more data points you get,
the more confusion it brings, the more
align you have to be to trust those data
points. So yeah,
>> 100%.
>> I always think about mess when I hear
attribution.
>> Me, too. I I I think about mess and I
think about wasted money spending
thousands of dollars on an attribution
tool. you know, people, they get locked
in these 12-month contracts. The they
don't have foundational pieces in place
in terms of data, you know, analytic
structure, and then the tool never gets
up to speed. Fast forward, you know, the
they never actually get any value from
their from their tools, right? And then
to add insult to injury, not to just
like rag on attribution tools, but it it
creates like more questions than
answers.
>> Yeah. Because they're powerful. And I
mean I was on that side as well. Like I
one day I thought I had it figured out.
Amazing dashboards. The other day I I
tweaked something a little bit now that
is completely off or the results I was
seeing the day before when performance
was looking good no longer is looking
good you know. So
>> it's powerful but it's like with great
power it's you
>> comes great responsibility Spider-Man.
Yeah,
>> you have all of these, but you need to
be aligned with the team and guys, we
are looking at this. We trust this data.
So, this is what we're going to look
moving forward at least like for a
couple of months so that even if it's
not perfect, because it won't be, at
least you're always looking at the same
data. You're not making changes as you
go to the data points. And
>> that's a big deal because a lot of
people, I'm not going to name names, but
what I've experienced in the past is a
lot of people will manipulate these
tools to show
their channel is performing the best.
>> We're kind of getting deep in this,
right? Right. Like where they're they're
changing the the model, right? They're
like, "Oh, wait, actually, we're
actually going to use last touch today.
We're going to switch you to first
touch, you know, or vice versa." and
they'll they'll play with the filter
criteria where oh we're actually going
to include this source as well you know
whatever looks best so that they can
make their case and then what happens at
the end of the quarter is you have like
one team saying this another team saying
this both teams are saying they're
crushing it and then the the the CEO is
looking at this and saying like
but I can see our cash flow and our
revenue and we're not you know and
there's like a fundamental misalignment
so I think a really good place to start
and for everyone using tools uh there is
a place for tools which we'll talk about
but I think a first fundamental place to
start is just business alignment around
you know does your strategy and your
attribution approach actually come
together so I'm curious you know with
you know with you specifically you know
as a head of performance like you're
running all these strategy proposals
with clients and you're putting together
these strategy plans with our
performance marketers right like you've
been in a lot of these strategy calls.
How are you thinking about attribution
and aligning it to the strategy?
>> Yeah, what I see often is that companies
want to go ungated, which is like for
those that don't know, like putting ads
in front of the right titles, the right
companies, as you might have seen in
episode one. And instead of trying to
get an optin, a form submission, you
just let it you just throw the content
to the people. they engage with whatever
content they want and then when it's
time to convert they will raise their
hand and they'll speak with you. That's
like of course simplified way of
explaining how engated works and that's
what companies want to do because it
makes sense. That's the truth. Like we
we were just like two or three minutes
ago saying how complex the the journey
is, how messy the attribution is. So why
are you trying to get an optin just to
prove the effectiveness of your paid
media strategy? On the other hand, also
too, it's more expensive than I don't
know putting a a thought leader in front
of you and you decide if you want to
engage or not. And when you Sylvia want
to convert, you'll remember my brand and
you will do it anyway. You don't need me
to be like offer pitching you all the
time. And that's why I hear it often
because it makes sense. The problem is
even if it makes sense for marketing
teams and you have some soph
sophisticated leaders that get it when
it's time to prove that to leadership
it's a whole other conversation because
leadership and and we had that
experience with a client we were running
and gated on LinkedIn and most of their
budget was going to LinkedIn and then
leadership stepped in and was like okay
why are we spending 80% of our budget on
LinkedIn if Google is driving I don't
know 90% of pipeline And that's a a
losing a losing fight, right? Because
it's you can you can't debate that
because that's the truth because we were
not expecting LinkedIn to drive like
direct pipeline in the first place. So
aligning on the business um the business
goals it's important because if the way
your leadership not you like leadership
is looking at uh the numbers is based on
less touch attribution. So um you need
to drive a form a form submission an
optin to to then help connect the dots
internally like this person from ad
conversion filled out the form this day
at conversion became a client okay we
can tie it back but if that's the way to
that you guys are measuring the success
you can't be doing engageed because yes
you'll still get some optin some form
submissions but most of the strategy
it's like people engaging with an ad on
LinkedIn people reading a piece of
content on your website, people checking
the pricing page, and when it's time to
convert, they will either come from
Google. If you have Google breaded
campaigns running, that will eat most of
your most of your conversions anyway.
Um, but even if they come through
organic or email, whatever the case
might be, or maybe if you're targeting a
list of accounts and sales also is,
maybe they'll respond to sales and now
sales gets the credit. And from my
experience and get it isn't the way to
go. And that's what we came to realize
with our clients too, right? Because
even if we with our creative team can
support and gate it. The truth is at the
end of the day if again performance is
there across the board no one cares. But
if performance starts going down they'll
start asking those types of questions.
Why is X amount of the budget going
there? If pipeline is coming from the
other way. So that's why it's important
to first of all understand what are your
rules to the game, right? How your team
is crediting that success. Otherwise,
again, if it's going well, no one will
bother you. You're crushing it. But if
performance starts going down, even if
you're on the side that we are as an
agency, it's
>> if we're we're pitching and gated to a
client and
>> let it all out.
>> Let it all out.
>> If we're pitching that to a client, then
>> yeah,
>> because it makes sense, the client will
say, "Yeah, let's do it." Then the
marketing team is all aligned. than the
bosses like the higherups that aren't in
the day-to-day are not in the meetings
with us
>> because they don't have the time neither
they have to they won't they won't get
it. So unless you're super aligned
internally and you have a clear way and
also too like you we've became spoiled
from seeing those brands like Cognism
like putting all that content out people
engaging oh that's pretty cool I want to
do the same way they are
>> but they can't that's the truth because
that's also that also requires a mindset
shift and that's not even just our
customers most brands aren't ready for
it because they also need to educate
their their bosses on on that new
mindset and that new approach to to
measure that success. I know I kind of
went out of
>> No, it was great. Yeah,
>> this is performance therapy, right? This
is
>> but that's that's everyone wants to do
and gated but only a few are ready to do
and get it. And when I say it, I don't
even say the marketing teams really the
company isn't ready because the whole
company needs to be align.
>> Yeah. Yeah. A thousand%. uh just to
unpack that and like double down on this
because it's so important. This if you
get this wrong, everything else is
harder and and it it really is like the
one domino that sets up all the other
ones.
You mentioned game and you use the word
game and and I I really like this frame
and and the way we think about it is
every business is a game. So for for us
in the context of in the agency world
when we inherit a client we've just
entered a new game and this game has a
set of rules of how we determine success
or failure and whether it is
philosophically wrong or right this is
the game that you are now playing. So
for context like we're talking about
ungated and you know ungated is
basically promoting content in feed
letting people interact with it. You
don't care if they click or they
convert. You're not looking for direct
conversions. You're just letting it run.
And then over time through organic and
direct, you'll see these people come
inbound because they know about you.
They've been educated, right? That's
essentially the strategy that you are
trying to propose. But if your game aka
your rules are you only get credit if a
lead was converted and that lead is
associated to the channel that you drove
from and that's the only way you're
going to get association. And you will
never get credit if they came in
organically or direct. you are already
killing yourself. You're like setting
yourself up for failure because even if
the ungated strategy was actually
kicking butt, you're not going to get
the credit.
>> Yeah.
>> So then you're just going to, you know
what I mean? Like you're going to end up
at the end of the quarter, you're going
to say, "Oh, organic and direct is
crushing it. It's up, etc. You know, our
our pipe to spend looks really good."
And maybe you can make a case and change
a mind of a sophisticated leader that
gets it and that's open-minded, etc. But
assuming like you're in the worst case
scenario where you're dealing with like
antiquated organizations that are like
used to like events and you know
enterprise selling and you know every
they're salesled first and they don't
really believe in marketing like it's
I'm sorry you're not going to have a job
in you know like 6 to9 months because
they it's just fundamentally flawed. So
this is a hot topic and it's like
something we're so passionate about
because it really is so important. So in
terms of this game right and
understanding the game you're in the
first thing I would say is like align
with leadership just like Gonzalo and I
are talking about and specifically when
we say align with leadership I want to
define what leadership is leadership are
the people who pay for your paycheck.
It's not your director of demand genen
who's like third down on the totem bowl
that like is your direct report boss.
It's, you know, John the CMO who reports
to Bill the CEO, etc., right? Like that
is leadership. Those are the people that
are going to determine at the end of the
day like are you getting paid or are you
getting laid off? And you need their buy
in. And of course, like you don't want
to go over your boss and like go direct
to the CEO and be like, "Hey, here's my
strategy." But you definitely want to
make sure that they have eyes on it and
that you and your boss like you can
manage up and you can commit to them
that like they also need to be bought
in, right? and they need to be on on the
same page. So if you are in that world
where you have to generate a lead in
order to get associated credit which is
most people from the conversations we've
had uh with prospects and clients.
>> Yeah.
>> Then you know I'm not saying like you
can't do ungated. You can run a pilot
and try to like over time show but on a
small scale like you know at least like
10% of your budget but not 80% like in
the the instance you were describing
right uh you know which is just a losing
game. So, if you are in that scenario,
make sure your strategy aligns with how
you get associated credit. And I think
we really beat this one down. And I I
hope that's clicking for you guys
because it's so important. So, if you
are in the lead genen scenario, doesn't
mean like you're not going to find
success. Like, it just means you have to
do lead genen, right?
>> Yeah.
>> You know, where and we kind of t touched
on this in like episode one briefly at
the end of the episode, but like you're
actually creating offers centered around
a deep painoint that can actually
convert the prospects that you're
interested in, right? and actually drive
real meaningful impact that you're
coming up with offers that are
irresistible and compelling that can
actually convert on cold traffic and
actually drive meaningful impact and
that you can now start to scale that
across channels but for the sake of
attribution today let's uh let's now I
want to just segue
now that we're aligned on the business
right so we know okay this is the game
we're in right we understand this is how
we're going to get associated credit in
addition to that as well in terms of
that strategy as well like what regions
are we interested in you know what is
our budget available etc. So you can
sort of take all that together and put
together a forecast. The next thing is
you need to make sure you have your
foundations in place and the way I
describe this is I call it the three
levels of attribution. So level one is
you need to capture UTMs consistently
across sessions. This sounds easy and it
is technically easy, but it's often
missed and it's like one of my favorite
quotes. It's like easy to do, easy not
to do. And when I say you need to
capture UTMs across sessions, I'm saying
if somebody clicks on your ad and they
go to the page, but then they click on
your homepage, they didn't convert on
the landing page and then they go to
your case study page and then they come
back later and then they convert on your
form. Are you still capturing the UTMs?
And for most people, they're not. We
have a client actually that I'm thinking
about right now where something broke
and they like over I think it was like a
3-month period.
>> Yeah.
something broke and basically like they
were getting less associated performance
to paid search and more was going to
like direct
and they thought paid search was doing
like worse in terms of performance and
then we you know we audited the process
etc and we realized like oh wait a
second like we're not actually
consistently capturing UTMs across
sessions so we had so much more volume
that should have been attributed to
search but this also applies to to
social and all these other channels
there's actually even more important
when you're talking about like create
channels, right? Awareness channels
because they're not going to last touch.
And anywh who because of this technical
thing, we lost credit and you know in
their eyes it was like search is bad.
The moment we fix that now everybody's
happy and they're like search is
crushing it like increase investment
right. Uh so this is where attribution
really translates into like real budget
and you know expectations with people.
So anyw who first step is you want to
capture the UTMs across sessions. The
second step is you want to build a paid
revenue dashboard. So you want to
combine your CRM data and the ad channel
data and you want to combine it together
into one place. So you don't have to
look at six Salesforce reports, three
HubSpot reports, you know, spend 40
minutes answering basic questions like
what is my cost per lead, what is my
cost per opportunity, what is my pipe to
spend, how is Google doing verse
LinkedIn, etc., etc., right? It's one
dashboard where you bring all these
sources together. And you can do this
very low cost. By the way, like in our
building a paid media program course in
module 3, I show you how to do it for
like a hundred bucks a month and it's
fully automated. Like if you want to
just do it like a quick and dirty way
using Google Sheets or you can do it
more, you know, sophisticatedly in, you
know, there's level of complexities. But
the point is is you bring these two
sources of data together and you have
this paid revenue dashboard. In my
experience, just having all that
information in one place and then
leveraging blended impact, meaning paid
and organic, where I can see, okay,
overall month over month, quarter over
quarter, what is our blended performance
looking like? Meaning paid, what is
directly attributed to the ad channels
and organic, what is coming through
organic search and direct. So you
combine those things together and now
you can understand how is your program
doing holistically. And the reason I'm
saying organic direct only and not like
social or email referrals is because
basically what we're the assumption
we're making is like as I run ads people
are not going to click it. We're
building awareness and then they're
going to go search me later on.
>> So that's why we look at organic and
direct plus paid so we can understand
the influence of our performance to
understand how is it doing overall. And
then finally, now that you have a paid
revenue dashboard, step three is now you
investigate a multi-touch attribution
tool. So now it's time to pull out your
wallet, right? And and start hunting and
looking.
>> Yeah. And I have a question for you on
the tools.
>> Yeah. What's your because I feel like
sometimes and not to name names like I
feel like brands invest on attribution
tools because they need to prove the
success of their work not because they
want a better way to to attribute
success you know so it's like okay
whatever we're doing isn't working we
need to prove it is so let's get an
attribution tool and I wanted to get
your perspective if you agree with it if
you feel like maybe because I It's not
like a yes or no type of question, but I
feel like sometimes the attribution
tool, it's like the how do I say it?
It's like the the end solution to like
okay, I tried this way to prove this is
working, it didn't stick. I tried this,
it didn't stick. So, okay, what if we
get an attribution tool to show it's
working, you know, even if it isn't. But
you know what I'm saying?
>> Yeah. You ever heard the saying success
doesn't lie?
And in my experience just like with ad
conversion and running the business like
on the marketing side, we'll do certain
pilots or like we'll do certain tests
for certain things and you know pretty
fast if something's working or not. Like
you see signals of success, you know,
for context. We post content
organically, right? It's like we have a
strong content strategy organically.
>> We see people reacting to the posts,
right? We see them commenting. We see
them sharing. we see them in, you know,
uh, like you get these signals of like,
hey, this is actually working. We should
do more of it. And often times when
most, at least in my experience, most of
the people I talk to that are in that
situation, it's not actually working.
And instead of just cutting their losses
and like putting foundations in place
and then doing a proper test, maybe the
way they executed is wrong. not maybe it
for sure is cuz usually when you're in
that scenario there's an execution issue
>> instead of doing that they they they
sides skirt it right and they try to go
and find you know band-aids to the core
problem like the analogy the way I think
about it it's like it's like imagine
somebody stabbed you and you have a
knife in your chest right or or you know
>> and instead of like addressing the stab
wound you know you're like freaking out
over a paper cut on your finger it's
like dude Dude, you're bleeding. What
are you doing? You know, but this is
reality and like this is how teams
operate. So, fundamentally, I would say
like address the wound, you know,
address the core issue, get that solved.
So, then now you can actually get to the
other side of this. And uh often times
for people if that resonates if you find
yourself consistently having the same
problem over and over and over again and
you don't like it always feels like this
needs to happen and then this will
happen and you don't like get to this
place that is usually a symptom of a
lack of foundations and a and an overall
strategy. Uh just calling out that out
there. So all in all yeah no I would not
I would not do that. It's definitely a
waste of money. No, and you brought up a
good point too because and we've run
into that same issue like you speak with
the client, you ask how how things are
going because sometimes you also don't
have that visibility and I'm not talking
about attribution tools. Let's disregard
that the more simplified way. You don't
have you're making like for the first
time you're launching an ABM play you
haven't run it before, right? So you
want to see success or you want to
understand what the client has to say
because these guys speak with sales and
want to see and when they say oh I'm not
sure that's already a leading indicator
that it's probably not working because
and you said it like at that time if
it's working that person will know it's
working because the sales team will say
guys we're getting in touch with these
folks awesome awesome job we weren't
being able to to reach these guys and
now we are whatever you're doing keep
keep going, you know,
>> but the problem is that just because
sometimes we on the agency side or even
the the performance marters in house
don't have that level of visibility and
they know like oh whenever we're running
awareness plays it takes long depending
on sales cycles they just keep going
like until someone says
>> guys stop it isn't working unless they
of course if they have that visibility
they pause it but if they don't they
will keep it going even when they're
unsure if it's working and that was a
lesson that I learned at the time like
if you're unsure if the PC is unsure
it's
>> probably not the way to go. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Thousand%.
>> And that's stick
>> one. So for everyone listening in terms
of what you can do is the first place
I'd recommend that you start and we're
talking about attribution but
attribution is part of a larger
conversation which is just like data
analytics right and how do I want to use
data to make decisions and where you
don't want to go is you don't want to
just say oh what is your what what
conversions are you tracking or what how
is your event set up in in G4 right or
whatever the case might be like that's
fundamentally ly flawed. And I see
people like posturing on, oh, I'm
tracking this metric or I'm tracking
this metric and then they're like it's
like ego lifting in the gym, you know,
it's like, oh, I I lift, you know, 50
kg, I lift 40 kg. And you're like, you
know, just posturing versus
fundamentally, should we be lifting
dumbbells in the first place? Right? So,
when it comes to attribution, you need
to ask yourself, what questions do I
want to answer?
And then you use the tool or whatever
the method is to help you answer those
questions. So for example, in the in the
instance you said like we want to do an
ABM pilot. Awesome.
How are we going to measure success? And
we break it out into two parts. We've
got leading KPIs. These are things that
happen within a 7 to 14 day period. And
then we've got lagging KPIs. These are
things that happen after a 14-day
period. M
>> so you don't want to be in the scenario
where which like so common where you're
just running something like you you
described like for so long and then it's
like month three and you're like well I
don't know if it's really working but
you know this is our budget for the
quarter I'm seeing impressions you know
hey I we got a like from somebody you
know and like that's it so what you want
to do is you want to decide what are my
leading metrics this is more so for the
practitioner so the the performance
marketer right so that they can
understand like okay if these things are
happening I should continue to to invest
I should like I should increase my
budget I should decrease I should pause
this ad I should you know make all these
these decisions and then the lagging you
know the idea is like if these leading
things continue to improve then we'll
see the lagging
improve as well as a result right of
that and in the product world they call
it proxy metrics right so like for
example uh Netflix one of like Netflix's
most important uh metrics is watch time
and basically like if Netflix could have
it their way, they would just have
everyone logged into Netflix all day,
every day for as long as they can.
>> You know, that is their lagging metric
and they have a ton of proxy metrics
that they track and and proxy metrics
too, these leading KPIs, they need to
evolve over time. So it's hard to tell
somebody like this should be your
leading KPI because you're you're you're
really like adjusting the KPI based on
what you're seeing in terms of the
impact on the lagging and also the
leading KPI needs to change as well
depending on your strategy which I can
give some examples but going back to the
Netflix example their end goal is to
drive more watch time on the platform on
the front end what they're tracking for
leading KPIs or these proxy metrics is
they're tracking people when they go to
search something on Netflix do they find
what they're looking for they're also
tracking on the shows. I don't know if
you ever like you refresh Netflix
especially if you're on there often
you'll see like the the cards of the
movies and the episodes like they'll
change like the images the thumbnails
>> they're split testing to see does this
thumbnail drive a higher clickthrough
rate from this search versus this one
and they're also split testing like oh
if we put uh you know documentaries
first versus this versus that will we
drive more engagement and then what
they're doing too to take it to like the
extreme is they've built a personal
algorithm just for you based on your
behavior right to try to drive again
more watch time. So for us as
performance marketers and B2B and you
know thinking about this what are those
proxy metrics those leading KPIs that
can help me justify the lagging stuff.
So in the in the ABM example right so
you're like okay I'm going to go after
these accounts you know they're
important for XYZ reasons these are the
decision makers then from there where my
brain goes is okay what is the offer and
the content strategy around it. So, for
example, if we're going to do ungated
and we're going to be focusing primarily
on promoting blog articles and we're
like, you know, we want to drive as many
people to the blog because our
fundamental assumption is the more
people who consume the content, the more
brand affinity and trust will drive,
which will then result in more
influenced direct and organic uh, you
know, volume, right? Opportunities
created or demos booked. So what you
want to do and really what I'm what I'm
hinting at is um I am trying to
understand what is my hypothesis right
of what I'm trying to solve to be true
or not you know which we'll talk way
more about this in a future episode
around experimentation but just to kind
of close the summary here if I'm
promoting blog articles
and I'm thinking fundamentally what is
the goal here the goal is like for
people to read the article right it's
not for them to click on the ad and a
mistake people do is they don't think
this deeply about their metrics and how
it relates to their strategy. So they'll
just track on the leading side like
clicks and clickthrough rate which are
not bad but again like the real goal is
not the click or the clickthrough rate
like that matters and you should look at
as a signal but the the core leading
metric in this instance would be how
many people actually read the blog. So
this is where you have to get creative
and like create metrics. So like I might
create a metric called an engaged visit.
So, this is somebody that went to my
blog, stayed for at least 60 seconds,
and scrolled 75% of the way through.
Because then you can make the assumption
of like, all right, you were there for a
minute, and you scrolled 75% of the way
through, right? It's not enough if they
just stayed for a minute. Maybe they
like clicked on your ad, and then, you
know, they got distracted and they went
to the bathroom or something. You know,
it's they also scrolled 75% of the way
through. So now you can optimize your
ads not just on which ad is driving the
highest clickthrough rate but which one
is driving the most consumption right
and this can change like if your
strategy and like in this example around
ungated is fundamentally around videos
and getting people to watch videos hell
maybe you don't even have a link right
then it's like how many people are
actually watching the video
>> right and and that's kind of how I think
about it
>> sense yeah
>> we went through a ton there So let's uh
let's talk about attribution models
because I think this is another hot one
of like should I use first touch versus
last touch. Um obviously you wouldn't
use multi-touch unless you have a tool
but what are your thoughts on like
attribution models and how it relates to
performance marketing?
>> I think both of them answer different
questions like as any attribution model.
So it it really depends to be honest.
There are there are instances where
clients are using first touch because
they they want to measure that the
impact of that first interaction with
the ads, especially if they're running
awareness campaigns. That's what happens
most of the time. But on the other way
around, last touch is the most commonly
used maybe because it's the easier to
explain internally and to get the buy in
what you were saying. Um, but yeah, I
mean that's that's that's really it to
be honest with because it you it's not
one or the other. It's more so okay,
what to your point, what questions or
how are you measuring the success and
then depending on whichever responses
you have to that you decide okay for
measuring the success and you want to
see how many first touches we get with
specific accounts, we want to start
penetrating with these accounts. we'll
look at first touch but if the answer is
that and you're using less touch maybe
that's there's the disconnect right
>> so I see the conversation around
attribution model especially when you're
leveraging tools um become a big topic
and I it was also for me right but
ultimately you need to be aligned okay
what answers you what answers you're
looking for how are you measuring that
success and then you use attribution
model that best helps paint that picture
>> not to get the credit but to to better
um not only measure the success but also
estimate future success right
>> so
>> that's how I think about that not
necessarily one or the other and I know
you only have two there there are more
>> but um and there's this client that
comes to mind that they're measuring
success based on let me see if I recall
correctly like out of the accounts that
become pipeline they're measuring the
percentage of them that engage with paid
ads. So that's in theory can be easy,
right? As long as these accounts are
closing, you get one impression with
these guys.
>> Yeah,
>> they're it's it's impact. But again,
it's not right or wrong. That's the
rules of the game of that client. So you
can't maybe be looking for form
submissions because yes, you still need
to drive the leads, but if those leads
come from sales, that's fine as long as
you're getting touches with those. So
yeah, you really need to adjust and
leverage the one that best helps paint
the picture for you because maybe for
that client that's how they're measuring
success. And in some cases, I mean, the
word silly is not really applicable, but
it might sound silly for others that
have these sophisticated approaches, but
for them, maybe they're doing it because
their sales team is topnotch. They know
these guys got it. As long as we get
touches, get in front of them, these
guys will close it regardless.
>> Yeah.
>> So, yeah. Yeah, just to reiterate,
depending on the picture and that
picture is again agreed upon by the
people who pay your paycheck, right?
Like you've got that buy in
>> now. It's just a matter of choosing the
model that helps facilitate and help
answer those questions around that
picture. One thing I will say is it's
helpful to use multiple models
>> because if you want to look at it from
different points of view,
>> but ultimately you should have one way
of saying okay, this is what we go
forward with. So like I want to look at
last touch to understand what's the most
recent impact. I want to look at first
touch to understand what's the original
impact and you can kind of shift between
the two. Generally speaking, if you have
to choose one or the other and you just
want like an answer, I would say last
touch is definitely better for ads
because there's a recency factor of ads,
right? I'm paying for money and I want
an impact now, right? I want to drive a
response now. And then the other
challenge too, just more of like a
gotcha to be to be mindful of that I see
with like our clients um specifically
like with the reporting and all this
stuff is if you are doing ABM or you
have a sales team and you're doing
outbound, make sure that those list of
accounts that you upload into your CRM
don't muddy up your first touch because
basically they'll upload like a list of
accounts from, you know, sales navigator
and then sales navigator now is the
first touch and Then now you're running
ads against the list. So any future
optins, whatever,
>> they don't get.
>> You're like, you want to talk about
rules of the game, you're effed from the
start. You know what I mean? Like
there's no there's no chance. So that
would be uh one last thing to close
with. All right, this was an awesome
episode. We'll see you guys in the next
one. Thanks so much for watching this
episode. If today's combo hit home for
you and you want to go deeper, check out
adconversion.com. You'll find free
courses, a killer advertising community,
and if you're ready to scale, we'd love
to work with you.